README.md, before:

# Modelator

![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/pillarsjs/modelator.svg)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/pillarsjs/modelator/master.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/pillarsjs/modelator)
[![dependencies](https://img.shields.io/david/pillarsjs/modelator.svg)](https://david-dm.org/pillarsjs/modelator)
[![devDependecies](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/pillarsjs/modelator.svg)](https://david-dm.org/pillarsjs/modelator?type=dev)
[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/modelator.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/modelator)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/modelator.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/modelator)

# [![Pillars - make it easy ](http://pillarsjs.com/img/pillars.png)](http://pillarsjs.com/)

# Welcome to **Pillars Modelator (aka Modelator)**, data deep modeling for Node & Pillars.

## Licence

This package, Pillars Modelator (aka Modelator) is licensed under the
terms of the GNU Affero General Public License, version 3, as published
by the Free Software Foundation.

If you have any questions regarding licensing, please contact us at
hello@pillarsjs.com.

---

Commit message:

Updated with current discussion about specification. Fix #1

README.md, after:

# Modelator

![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/pillarsjs/modelator.svg)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/pillarsjs/modelator/master.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/pillarsjs/modelator)
[![dependencies](https://img.shields.io/david/pillarsjs/modelator.svg)](https://david-dm.org/pillarsjs/modelator)
[![devDependecies](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/pillarsjs/modelator.svg)](https://david-dm.org/pillarsjs/modelator?type=dev)
[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/modelator.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/modelator)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/modelator.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/modelator)

# [![Pillars - make it easy ](http://pillarsjs.com/img/pillars.png)](http://pillarsjs.com/)

# Welcome to **Pillars Modelator (aka Modelator)**, data deep modeling for Node & Pillars.

## Specification

*+The current step is to define a clear specification.**

At the moment we are covering the discussion in Spanish, but the final version will be translated to English and other languages too.

You can follow and participate in the discussion [here](https://github.com/pillarsjs/modelator/labels/specification). Also [here](specification/README.md) you can read the current draft.


## Licence

This package, Pillars Modelator (aka Modelator) is licensed under the
terms of the GNU Affero General Public License, version 3, as published
by the Free Software Foundation.

If you have any questions regarding licensing, please contact us at
hello@pillarsjs.com.

---
